[Music]
now I know what you're thinking how did
this happen well it's a long story
[Music]
Bhaskar is dead
what have you brought today tell me
[Music]
it's main event time
you
[Applause]
we know each other he's a friend from
work
[Music]
so much has happened since I last saw
you I lost my hammer like yesterday so
that's still pretty fresh and then I
went on a journey of self-discovery
I love you
[Music]
where are we you have no idea how long
the goddess of death is invaded as God
oh I miss this
and you and I had a fight recently did I
win no I won easily since sound right
that's true
as god is dead we'll be reborn in Miami
I thought you'd be glad to see me need a
stopper here now to prevent Ragnarok the
end of everything
so I'm putting together a team
at the old days
surprise this would be such fun
right
he's a fighter
we go
not a queen or a monster
goddess of death
what were you the god of again
[Music]
we're the same you and I just a couple
of hotheaded fools
yes saying all quite fire door like
water kind of both like fire but a whole
like raging fire so I like smoldering
fire
ladies and gentlemen this is what you
become for
[Music]
it's main event time
oh I missed this
let me putting together a team
yeah Cody here revenge's revenge us you
know I mean we don't have to have a name
we could have no name get tickets now
you must be hella and for son of Odin
really you don't look like him perhaps
we can come to an arrangement you sound
like him kneel beg your pardon
[Music]
kneel
before your queen
I didn't think so not possible
darling you have no idea what's possible
[Music]
we know each other
he's a friend from work everybody
thought you were dead
there's so much has happened since I
last saw you lost my hammer like
yesterday so that's still pretty fresh
Loki Loki Loki's alive you believe it
he's like he's up there okay I thought
the world here
I feel like I'm gonna fight side-by-side
forever but at the end of the day you're
you and I mean and oh maybe they're
still good and new but let's be honest
our paths diverged a long time
yeah
it's probably for the best that we never
see each other again that's what you
always wanted
it has to get help what get help
no I hate it it's great works every time
humiliating do you have a better plan
no we're doing it we are not doing get
help I can't pay rent with these things
one's a pumpkin and these as guardian
coins they're not worth it
in Asgard those coins these coins are
worth gazillion human dollars okay
there's a gazillion you're rich Gazoo
no one will exchange these go to the
market set up a store yeah right yeah as
guardian where previously owned by four
I'm a celebrity that will sell like
hotcakes you might think about getting a
getting a job yeah I have a job Joe my
job is I saved the planet did maybe you
should get a job
hmm I have a job really eating the
machine with the words that come out of
it this is knowledge knowledge is power
no it's not knowledge is not power
that's power
the brain is a muscle and that's a
muscle and that's a muscle there you're
all muscles this is all muscle so I am
covered in brains and have more brains
than you so do you think maybe we could
just think that we need to serve it I
don't think we can get a surgeon get a
serve
I guess I'm just taking a break we had
this really cool adventure saving earth
and that was pretty happy anyway so I
needed some me time and I came to
Australia and that's when I moved in
with Daryl hello and here we are you
know it's a nice flat as you can see and
we get along well yeah I guess I just
wanted to be around average everyday
people and Daryl is an average sort of
everyday guy so it works out well while
I'm here I'm trying to get involved with
the luggage
who's this purple weirdo surprise who
actually knew that was to give back to
the community
Daryl here is a beauty craft electronic
letter I'm writing to Captain America
and Iron Man there seems to be something
very intense going on between them and I
want to offer my help with my services
dear Tony Stark how's it going
I heard you and Captain America we're
having some relationship problems dear
Steve Rogers do you remember when i
goaded you into killing those prisoners
and you made me swear to never tell the
other Avengers if there's any other
secrets you need kept just let me know
because I'm not up to much what are you
doing later I was working what's he
doing he's working keep out
Daryl go through four battles with
Mjolnir over here taking a nap something
I've been roasting in the Sun for a
number of weeks now and it's almost
already delicious question what are
infinity sounds a lot of information and
ideas and what I like to call this will
Clues speckles around the place and who
is the man in the purple chair is purple
it's a magic glove doesn't like standing
up fury what does he really know and is
fury his real name or is it actually
pronounced furry little mule near here
sunglasses in case gets bright and the
rainbow grin too much off and it does or
if you lift up this
what's he holding me I never wear
cut-offs how do I keep waking up and
come ups normal pants going in cut-offs
coming out yoo-hoo mm-hmm my bike wait
heard from Tony Stark and Captain
America didn't contact you I haven't
received a single phone call one second
hey t-bone how many times do we have to
go over this no amount of money is gonna
get me to join your little pissing
contest what here talk to Thor yeah he's
sort of been waiting here from you I
have him right here
oh you can't right now okay am I
disappointed that they didn't invite me
to fight with him
no yes touch with you
I don't I don't have a phone he doesn't
have a phone send a raven I just start
my own team team four of course and it
would be me and Darrell just us right
dee yep
[Music]
no idea
in this film we wanted to kind of strip
it back and wanted have more fun with it
you know I'm tyka had the exact same
idea and we were both saying in Thor
Ragnarok it's trying to have more
attitude
Ragnarok sort of a new cycle in the life
of the world all the realms of the
universe it's the destruction of the
old' and the rebirth of the new Nets
really exciting to me surprise this will
be such fun the way that I've approached
this is to rebuild it in a new way
look great dude totally I think it's
just a perfect mix for where the
character and story need to go you know
different costumes different weapons
different cast or characters to work or
give you a different energy Thor has
been a crisis he never went back to
Asgard to claim the throne he wanted
adventure when we pick him up he's at
the end of this search for himself
we're the ones we survive district I
tell ya
million to fund you know I want to take
people on a ride and and pinch it some
comedy into it an adventure that keeps
people laughing along the way but also
as a spectacle and the stuff that it
gets people excited he's a fighter the
hell is the goddess of death and I've
had incredible fun playing there Oh miss
this tell us the first female villain
that we've had in the Marvel film and
Cait has destroyed the idea of your
typical villain kneel before your queen
with Cate Blanchett I was so excited to
see what she was gonna do hello does
this insane off-kilter attitude
look like a smart boy how would you like
a job
I think the best villains are always
those that you kind of love and hate
what they do but you sort of understand
it there's a logic to it she wants to
come back home and be accepted and she
wants what's his you're in my seat I
would love for someone else to rule but
it can't be you you're just the worst
some of the happiest times have been
beating people up I've really enjoyed us
like I don't de speak today I can just
throw axes into someone's got just been
good
[Music]
hello regardless of death is invaded as
God in this film the threat before is to
prevent Ragnarok from occurring father
certainly met his match and he needs
help
incredible characters team up to fight
the help he has to enlist the help of
Loki
surprise his fellow Avenger the whole
and his new ally in Vulcan don't get
familiar Valkyrie is one of many elite
warriors
she needs Thor and banner or Hulk inch
becomes a part of their team I want to
be on the team as a good name yeah
that's cool do revenge's revenge us
because I'm getting revenge and you're
getting revenge and you're and this
undecided I get to play two totally
different characters in this movie which
is really fun the whole nature and the
banner nature the peaceful and the
warrior
there's no one without the other balls
like fire door like water kind of both
like fire the whole like raging fire
they're like a room might to agree and
disagree and have all sorts of arguments
if that was awesome to play with
[Music]
no idea
in this film we wanted to kind of strip
it back and wanted have more fun with it
you know I'm tyka had the exact same
idea and we were both saying dance Thor
Ragnarok it's trying to have more
attitude
Ragnarok sort of a new cycle from the
light of the world in all the realms of
the universe it's the destruction of the
old and the rebirth of the new that's
really exciting to me surprise this will
be such fun the way that I've approached
this is to rebuild it in a new way look
great dude
finally I think it's just perfect mix
for where this character and story
needed to go in are different costumes
different weapons different cast or
characters to work or give you a
different energy Thor has been a crisis
he never went back to Asgard to claim
the throne he wanted adventure when we
pick him up he's at the end of this
search for himself when the ones we
survive district I tell you out there
about a million fun
you know I want to take people on a ride
and and pinch it some comedy into it an
adventure that keeps people laughing
along the way but also as a spectacle
and the stuff that it gets people to
Simon he's a fighter
[Music]